It is the crisp chili night after our child's first Christmas. Baron Street's safe for a small crowd gathered outside of a boutique electronic store listening to the man on the screen delivers saliliquy about how bad it is going to get. Interspersed with advertisements for snuggies, cocoa and gai-co. As the first flakes fall, we embrace in a Walgreens parking lot armed with only our persons in tattered tech company hoodies. And with you pressed up against me, my ever-present companion, the Racing Inter monologue, gives way to the calm control of coming up on Adirvall and realizing we are in a city of millions where nobody knows us. And we can just disappear and blend into the ether like radio waves and no one will give us a second thought. We make our way into a coffee shop where we huddle together around a pumpkin spice latte. Not knowing how much longer this is all gonna last but in this moment not really caring. We think therefore we are and no one is omnipotent yet. So let's vanish into the cracks of sidewalks, drink from the Hudson River and eat the remnants of a civilization where people would continue to stare at their phones while the hydrogen bombs detonate above them. And the sky is blacked out so they download a flashlight app and make a dull-witted comment about how Obama should fix the sun on Facebook. We as people weren't built for this world, why should we have to play by its arbitrary rules? Can I get a show of hands of people who still think the industrial revolution was a good idea? We've dug ourselves into a hole and instead of trying to push the dirt back in it, we build dump trucks to cart it away. Excavators to dig a deeper, drills to get through the bedrock and lasers to oblate the diamond while we run ad campaigns to push the shiny rocks on soon to be brides fingers. Is it okay that we've built a society where 13% of people are in antidepressants? Maybe it's time to rethink the hole. Sure, the hole had your smartphone and flush toilets in it, but it also had heroin and Twitter and drones and nuclear missiles, and we're digging more frantically than ever, and nobody is smart enough to know what lies even a little further down. Never mind if we finally break through to the other side of the world a so upside down that we'll literally have to lose ourselves to live in it, so maybe we should just stop fucking digging it. But the unions will uproar and without the whole what would society do all day, and there would always be some kid who thinks the hole is the greatest thing ever, and sneaks down with a shovel at night just to move a little bit more dirt out of the way, and lists his friends to carry pales of it away, and the dirt is far too scattered to ever fill the hole back up anyway, so why should we even try? Let's just sit and sip our joint latte, and when it's done step out into the night and hold each other as wall flowers with the storm rolling in, as people hustle and bustle by or looking like they are going somewhere, and if anyone bothered to notice us, we'd be the freaks for just standing there.
